                    DEM-PLOT-mfix.exe Usage

After starting the program, choose the RESTART file of the
run that you want to animate (uses a file-open dialog).  If
there are a lot of files in the folder, there might be a
slight delay before the RES files show up in the file open
dialog.

Note: choose the normal mfix RES file, not the DES restart
file.

Also, the code uses the VTP files.

There are 2 dialogs, one at the bottom and one to the left.

You can resize the entire window or the individual dialogs.


The bottom dialog lets you do the following:

  a) toggle between "go" and "pause" mode (click on the
     button)

  b) set the time while in paused mode (by moving the slider 
     at the bottom of the dialog).

  c) step forward or backwards one time step while in
     paused mode.  Click on the slider and use the 
     left and right arrows to move to the next time step.



The left dialog lets you do the following:

  a) zoom in , zoom out

  b) reset all zooms and shifts

  c) shift the plot to the left or right

  d) rotate the plot in 3D (not tested ... I need a 3D example).

  e) toggle whether the particles should be displayed in 3D or
     not.  3D runs should always have this option checked.  For
     2D runs, you can have it on or off.

  f) set the resolution for drawing the particle spheres.  The higher
     the resolution, the slower the display.

  f) trace the first particle. The path of the last 20 locations
     of the first particle are displayed.

  g) choose the criteria for coloring the particles

     1) constant (all particles have the same color)

     2) initial position : particles that started on the left are
        one color, those that started on the right are another color.

     3) diameter

     4) particle velocity magnitude

     5) particle V velocity component (those going up are one color,
        those going down are anothet color).

  h) create BMP files.  The files will be named:

     DEM_MFIX-plot_00000.bmp
     DEM_MFIX-plot_00001.bmp
     DEM_MFIX-plot_00002.bmp

     etc.

     Note: each time you run the code, the image numbering restarts at 0,
           so existing files will be over-written.

-

